## CATH

The CATH (Class, Architecture, Topology, Homology) database is a comprehensive resource for protein structure classification that uses a hierarchical scheme to group proteins into progressively more specific categories based on their structural features. The database defines classes based on topological similarities, architectures based on the arrangement of secondary structure elements, topologies based on the connectivity of secondary structure elements, and homologous domains based on sequence similarity. Previous works such as GraphTrans, GVP, and GCA have used the CATH4.2 version of the database as a benchmark for protein design, which splits the dataset by CATH topology classification and includes 18,024 proteins for training, 608 proteins for validation, and 1,120 proteins for testing. However, CATH4.2 is an outdated version and may not represent the current protein structure space. To address this, we use the newer version, CATH4.3 for benchmarking protein design and follow the data splitting protocol of ESMIF. This results in a training set of 16,153 structures, a validation set of 1,457 structures, and a test set of 1,797 structures. Note that the curated CATH dataset contains only single-chain structures and does not consider the case of designing multi-chain proteins.


## PDB

The Protein Data Bank (PDB) is a comprehensive database of three-dimensional structural data for large biological molecules, including proteins and nucleic acids, containing over 180,000 protein structures. To improve our understanding of designing multi-chain proteins, we utilized a dataset obtained from ProteinMPNN, which includes protein assemblies from the PDB determined by X-ray crystallography or cryoEM to better than 3.5Å resolution and with less than 10,000 residues. The dataset was preprocessed by clustering sequences at a 30\% sequence identity cutoff using mmseqs2, resulting in 25,361 clusters. Following the setting of ProteinMPNN, these clusters are randomly divided into a training set (23,358), validation set (1,464), and test set (1,539), ensuring that none of the chains from the target chain or biounits of the target chain were present in the other two sets. During each training epoch, we cycled through the sequence clusters and randomly selected a sequence member from each cluster. This dataset was used for the task of multi-chain protein design, expanding the comparison of computational protein design methods, as many previous methods were omitted in this task.

## TS45

In addition to designing single- and multi-chain proteins, we also include a set of \textit{de novo} proteins collected from the CASP15 competition to provide a more realistic assessment. The Critical Assessment of Protein Structure Prediction (CASP)  is a community-wide experiment for protein structure prediction, where organizers provide a set of protein sequences whose structures have not been published available. In CASP15, diverse protein targets are introduced, including FM (Free Modeling), TBM (Template-Based Modeling), TBM-easy, and TBM-hard proteins. The FM targets have no homology to any known protein structure, making them particularly suitable for *de-novo* protein design. The TBM targets have some homology to known protein structures, while the TBM-easy targets are relatively easy TBM targets. The TBM-hard targets are more difficult TBM targets, with lower levels of sequence identity to known structures. We download the public TS-domains structures from CASP15 which consists of 45 structures, namely TS45. We use TS45 as a benchmark for *de-novo* protein design, as the structures are less similar to known structures and were not determined prior to the construction of the training sets.



